README.md, before:

![banner](/assets/banners/banner_primary.png)
---

Scrapbook is a micro-service architecture based application that enables users to upload and manage images. It empowers the users to securely share images by introducing various roles. The users also have acces to an intuitive dashboard to view different metrics and monitor various activities. Scrapbook aims to introduce simplicity in photo management.

> Napkin diagram goes here


## Technology Stack

- Angular 11 (TypeScript)
- SpringBoot (Java 11)
- Flask (Python)
- MongoDB
- Google Cloud Storage
- Apache Kafka
- REST

## Mockups

Please visit our wiki page [here](https://github.com/airavata-courses/scrapbook/wiki/Mockups) to see our mockup designs.

## Project Installation

### Repository 
```
$ git clone https://github.com/airavata-courses/scrapbook.git
$ cd scrapbook
```

## Documentation
> Insert links to Wiki

- User Stories
- UML Diagrams
- Workflow 
- Mockups


## Contributors 

- Chirag Shankar Indi

- Hrishikesh Paul

- Jyoti Bhushan

Commit message:

chore: added description and a few links to the readme

README.md, after:

![banner](/assets/banners/banner_primary.png)
---

Scrapbook is a micro-service architecture based application that enables users to upload and manage images. It empowers the users to securely share images by introducing various roles. The users also have acces to an intuitive dashboard to view different metrics and monitor various activities. Scrapbook aims to introduce simplicity in photo management.

![banner](/assets/napkin_diagram.png)

---


## Technology Stack

- Angular 11 (TypeScript)
- SpringBoot (Java 11)
- Flask (Python)
- MongoDB
- Google Cloud Storage
- Apache Kafka
- REST

## Mockups

Please visit our wiki page [here](https://github.com/airavata-courses/scrapbook/wiki/Mockups) to see our mockup designs.

## Project Installation

### Repository 
```
$ git clone https://github.com/airavata-courses/scrapbook.git
$ cd scrapbook
```

## Documentation

- [User Stories](https://github.com/airavata-courses/scrapbook/wiki/User-Stories)
- [User Workflow & UML Diagrams](https://github.com/airavata-courses/scrapbook/wiki/User-Workflows-and-Use-Case-Diagram)
- [Mockups](https://github.com/airavata-courses/scrapbook/wiki/Mockups)


## Team 

- **Chirag Shankar Indi**: 


- **Hrishikesh Paul**: Hrishikesh is a final year Masters student, sturying Computer Science and specializing in Software/Frontend Engineering. His expeirence includes Full Stack Development using Angular, Vue, Node, Flask and MongoDB. Currently he is the Lead Software Engineer at [CNS](https://cns.iu.edu/), working with the NIH to build scalable and open source visualization tools for researchers and doctors.

   [<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hrishikeshpaul/)
   [<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />](https://github.com/hrishikeshpaul)


- **Jyoti Bhushan**:


## Contributing

To contribute, please read our [Git Workflow guide](https://github.com/airavata-courses/scrapbook/wiki/Git-Workflow).
